{
    "business": {
        "economictimes": [
            "Europe shares edge up, set for best week since February , Reported at around 9 hours ago.", 
            "Vedanta extends winning streak, up 10% in 5 sessions , Reported at around 9 hours ago.", 
            "Punctured by cash ban? Goldman says auto stocks can take you really far in this market , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "Six stocks surge up to 800% in 4 years: The secret? Falling DE ratio, rising RoE , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "Looking to double the number of retailers to 4K in two years: Rahul Gautam, MD, Sheela Foam , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "China's blue-chip index up on surge in producer prices, but down for the week , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Asian shares edge down, euro steadies after ECB-driven volatility , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Saudi, Iraq set to supply full contracted volumes to Asia despite Opec deal , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Australia shares up, financials at 16-mth high; NZ slips , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Nikkei jumps to highest in a year on Wall St strength, weaker yen , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Guar demand up, but farmers can't make most of uptick , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Farmers' pulse down as rate slips below MSP , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Oil extends gains on hopes for non-Opec output cuts , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Gold trades marginally lower; may consolidate in the range of 27,600-27,800 , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Some multicap funds beat market mayhem in Nov, with these top picks , Reported at around 6 hours ago."
        ], 
        "googlenews": [
            "Vijay Mallya's Twitter account hacked by Legion, group that targeted Rahul, Congress - Firstpost , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "2 officials face axe in Hyderabad building collapse incident - The Hindu , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "Behind Notes Ban, Team Of 6 Worked Secretly At PM Narendra Modi's Home: Report - NDTV , Reported at around 2 hours ago.", 
            "One month of demonetisation: Indian markets have the fourth worst performance globally - Business Standard , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "November inflation expected to hit 14-month low at 3.9% as demonetisation hits consumption, says poll - Firstpost , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "Discounts On Petrol, Diesel, Insurance Premium To Service Tax Exemption On Digital Payments - NDTV , Reported at around 5 hours ago.", 
            "Brand Tata at stake as investor loyalty tested in corporate battle - Livemint , Reported at around 3 hours ago.", 
            "Ceding control of GST admin to states will disempower centre: CBEC - Times of India , Reported at around 4 hours ago.", 
            "SAIL slips 2 per cent on Rs 730.72 crore net loss in Q2 - Economic Times , Reported at around 6 hours ago."
        ], 
        "hindu": [
            "The rupee was trading weak at 67.50 on sustained demand for dollar from importers and dollar's strength against other currencies overseas.\nAccording to forex dealers, weakness in other currencies, ... , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "Indian shares were trading marginally higher, heading for their biggest weekly gain in more than three months, as additional stimulus from the European Central Bank helped offset disappointment about... , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "Oil prices extended gains for a second session running on Friday on optimism that non-OPEC producers would agree to cut output following a cartel agreement to limit production.\nThe Organization of ... , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "Taking positive cues from global markets, domestic equity indices, both the Nifty and Sensex, opened higher in today's session. The Nifty futures contract started the session at 8,275 levels. The ... , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Asian shares edged down on Friday but were on track for weekly gains, while the euro became more settled after the volatility seen in the wake of the European Central Bank's decision to trim the size... , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Taking weak cues from overseas markets, silver prices fell Rs 160 to Rs 41,365 per kg at the futures trade today as participants cut down their bets.At the Multi Commodity Exchange, silver for delive... , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Amid a weak global trend and profit-booking, gold futures fell Rs 37 to Rs 27,740 per 10 gram today as participants trimmed their positions.Gold for delivery in February was trading Rs 37 or 0.13 per... , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Crude oil rose 0.7 per cent to Rs 3,451 per barrel at the futures market today as speculators created fresh bets, taking positive cues from Asian markets.At the Multi Commodity Exchange, crude oil fo... , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Shares of Sheela Foam, maker of Sleepwell mattresses, today got listed at Rs 860 on the BSE, with a premium of nearly 18 per cent over its issue price of Rs 730.Within minutes of listing, the shares ... , Reported at around 6 hours ago.", 
            "The dollar rose broadly on Friday as US bond yields rose, while the euro sank after the European Central Bank\u2019s decision to extend its debt-buying programme, even as it cut the size of its purchases,... , Reported at around 6 hours ago.", 
            "Shares of SAIL today fell nearly two per cent in the morning trade on the bourses after the country\u2019s largest steelmaker reported a standalone net loss of Rs 730.72 crore for the September quarter.\n... , Reported at around 6 hours ago.", 
            "Analjit Singh-promoted Max Ventures and Industries has acquired 2 per cent stake in online beauty retailer Nykaa.com for undisclosed sum.\n\u201cMax I Ltd (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Max Ventures and I... , Reported at around 5 hours ago.", 
            "The European Central Bank trimmed back its asset buys in a surprise move on Thursday but promised protracted stimulus to aid a still fragile recovery, and dismissed any talk of tapering the programme... , Reported at around 5 hours ago.", 
            "Major US stock indexes climbed again on Thursday and set fresh record highs as a month-long rally following the presidential election of Donald Trump rolled on.Investors have driven up equities since ... , Reported at around 5 hours ago."
        ]
    }, 
    "india": {
        "bbc": [
            "A group has published details of India tycoon's assets, accounts and passwords on Twitter. , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "William Dalrymple and Anita Anand demolish some myths about the world's most controversial diamond. , Reported at around 0 hours ago."
        ], 
        "googlenews": [
            "Demonetisation 'biggest scam' of Narendra Modi government, claims Rahul Gandhi - Firstpost , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "Vijay Mallya's Twitter account hacked - Economic Times , Reported at around 5 hours ago.", 
            "'Why so much secrecy about Jayalalithaa's hospitalizaton', Tamil actor Gautami asks PM Modi - Times of India , Reported at around 6 hours ago.", 
            "2 officials face axe in Hyderabad building collapse incident - The Hindu , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "China's official media warns Mongolia over seeking Indian help - Business Standard , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Raj Babbar not 'lion' on Samajwadi Party, toes 'Mulayam line' - Economic Times , Reported at around 6 hours ago.", 
            "Tamil Nadu to continue to get 2000 cusecs of Cauvery water - Times of India , Reported at around 9 hours ago.", 
            "Not sitting around, problems will end in 10-15 days: Centre informs SC on demonetisation - The Indian Express , Reported at around 9 hours ago.", 
            "Deeply pained by Mamata's allegations against army: Parrikar - The Hindu , Reported at around 6 hours ago.", 
            "Anantnag encounter: Kashmir civilians' efforts to assist militants are severely hampering security ops - Firstpost , Reported at around 7 hours ago."
        ], 
        "hindu": [
            "The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), Southern Region, in association with The Hindu BusinessLine will hold the seventh edition of the Emerging Entrepreneur Awards 2016 on March 24, 2017, at Hy... , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "The Supreme Court today upheld the maintainability of appeals filed by Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Kerala against the 2007 award of the Cauvery Water Dispute Tribunal (CWDT) on sharing the river water. , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "The Income-Tax Department has seized at least Rs 106 crore in cash, including Rs 10 crore in new currency, and gold bars weighing 127 kg in searches at multiple locations in the city to check tax eva... , Reported at around 6 hours ago."
        ]
    }, 
    "opinion": {
        "businessinsider": [
            "4 ways AI is affecting\nbusinesses today , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "This is why these luxurious high-rise apartments in Gurgaon should be your next home , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "Breathtaking drone pictures from around the world , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Vijay Mallya\u2019s Twitter account hacked; hackers claim to release all bank account details, assets , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Yuvraj Singh and Hazel Keech threw a grand reception in Mumbai and here are all who attended , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "UBS is planning to build its second centre in India but it won\u2019t help in job creation. Here\u2019s why , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "IIT placements: Samsung India plans to hire over 300 engineers, to emerge as top recruiter this year , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Nearly 1.10 lakh apply for 250 sweeper jobs in Uttar Pradesh, most of them are BTechs and MBAs , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Biggest crackdown on black money: Tax officials seize Rs 105 crore in new and old currencies, 125kg gold in Chennai, Vellore , Reported at around 6 hours ago.", 
            "Manmohan Singh says demonetisation will have severe economic ramifications, a mammoth tragedy , Reported at around 6 hours ago.", 
            "Only 6 people knew about PM Modi\u2019s demonetisation plan , Reported at around 6 hours ago.", 
            "Jayalalithaa's 10,500 sarees, 750 slippers, 500 wine glasses are under 24-hr guard in Karnataka , Reported at around 6 hours ago.", 
            "\u200b The Mantra for a successful Kickstarter campaign , Reported at around 5 hours ago."
        ], 
        "hindu": [
            "BL two-way crossword 741\n... , Reported at around 5 hours ago."
        ]
    }, 
    "topstories": {
        "economictimes": [
            "How Modi's secret team of 6 planned India's biggest disruptor , Reported at around 6 hours ago.", 
            "Supreme Court wants minimum mandatory cash for citizens, relief for cooperative banks , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "IBM India made over 130 employees crorepati in FY16 after good Asia score , Reported at around 6 hours ago.", 
            "Make early connection with India: Experts to Trump , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "SBI associate bank to offer VRS before merger with SBI , Reported at around 4 hours ago.", 
            "Some multicap funds beat market mayhem in Nov! Here's how , Reported at around 6 hours ago.", 
            "Key takeaways from ECB\u2019s hawkish-dovish policy , Reported at around 5 hours ago.", 
            "UBS building second centre in India; does not bode well for Indian IT sector , Reported at around 5 hours ago."
        ], 
        "googlenews": [
            "Not sitting around, problems will end in 10-15 days: Centre informs SC on demonetisation - The Indian Express , Reported at around 9 hours ago.", 
            "Rahul Gandhi's Quake Claim Draws This BJP Response: 'Epicentres Of Scams' - NDTV , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Panneerselvam, New Chief Minister, Meets Sasikala Natarajan For Second Time Before Starting Work - NDTV , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Govt offers discounts on fuel, insurance in digital push - VCCircle , Reported at around 0 hours ago.", 
            "2 officials face axe in Hyderabad building collapse incident - The Hindu , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "Deeply pained by allegations against army: Parrikar writes to Mamata - Firstpost , Reported at around 6 hours ago.", 
            "SC says it will go on hearing Cauvery dispute - The Hindu , Reported at around 5 hours ago.", 
            "India vs England, Live cricket score 4th Test, day 2: Vijay firm, IND start well - Hindustan Times , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "John Glenn, American Space Legend, Dead at 95 - NDTV , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "South Korea parliament impeaches President Park - Economic Times , Reported at around 7 hours ago."
        ]
    }, 
    "world": {
        "bbc": [
            "South Korea's parliament votes to impeach President Park Geun-hye over a corruption scandal. , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "At least 50,000 IS militants have been killed over the past two years, a top US military official says. , Reported at around 6 hours ago.", 
            "The Syrian army suspends fighting around eastern Aleppo to allow civilians to leave, Russia says. , Reported at around 0 hours ago.", 
            "Losing Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton says the spread of \"fake news\" threatens the US. , Reported at around 4 hours ago.", 
            "Bogota sees the funeral of a seven-year-old girl, whose rape and killing shocked Colombia. , Reported at around 23 hours ago.", 
            "Donald Trump picks a fast-food executive opposed to higher minimum wages to lead the labour department. , Reported at around 0 hours ago.", 
            "Boris Johnson begins a tour of the Middle East amid a row over comments he made about Saudi Arabia. , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "Hong Kong leader CY Leung says he will not seek re-election, citing \"stress\" on his family. , Reported at around 9 hours ago.", 
            "US actor Judge Reinhold is arrested after a confrontation with security officials at Dallas airport. , Reported at around 4 hours ago.", 
            "As Britain's relationship with Saudi Arabia comes under scrutiny, the BBC's Fergal Keane hears human accounts of Saudi air strikes in Yemen. , Reported at around 23 hours ago.", 
            "As the world marks Human Rights Day, the BBC looks at China's sweeping crackdown on lawyers. , Reported at around 0 hours ago.", 
            "Australia approves the sale of its largest private landholding, the Kidman estate, to Gina Rinehart. , Reported at around 2 hours ago.", 
            "A selection of images from the life and career of US actor Kirk Douglas, who celebrates his 100th birthday on 9 December. , Reported at around 1 hours ago.", 
            "The arrest of an Afghan asylum seeker over a murder in Germany triggers tension and debate over immigrant crime. , Reported at around 0 hours ago.", 
            "The BBC's Frank Gardner looks at whether Saudi Arabia can achieve its goals in Yemen's messy war. , Reported at around 1 hours ago.", 
            "Populist leader Geert Wilders is leading opinion polls, but will Dutch voters back him in March elections? , Reported at around 0 hours ago.", 
            "A Nepalese film tells a powerful story about politics, family and society, writes Charles Haviland. , Reported at around 0 hours ago.", 
            "Yuliya Stepanova has won worldwide fame for what she dared to do off the track, but fears she may never return home. , Reported at around 0 hours ago.", 
            "A BBC campaign to map street harassment of women reveals reports of harassment from 43 cities in 29 countries over just one weekend. , Reported at around 0 hours ago.", 
            "Becci answers readers' questions about living with self-harm , Reported at around 0 hours ago.", 
            "Coach reveals how she became the first female to win a top-flight championship with a men\u2019s team. , Reported at around 0 hours ago."
        ], 
        "googlenews": [
            "South Korea's impeachment crisis: What happens now? - Times of India , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "John Glenn, American Space Legend, Dead at 95 - NDTV , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "Solomon Islands escape serious damage after powerful 7.7 quake - Times of India , Reported at around 1 hours ago.", 
            "Risking Beijing's Ire, Vietnam Begins Dredging On South China Sea Reef - NDTV , Reported at around 23 hours ago.", 
            "Aceh earthquake: Spectre of Boxing Day tsunami haunts as more than 23000 displaced - The Sydney Morning Herald , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "US Congress conditions $400 million of $900 million aid to Pakistan - Times of India , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "International Anti-Corruption Day: 70% corporate employees feel note ban will curb graft, says EY survey - Firstpost , Reported at around 3 hours ago.", 
            "Justice Katju moves SC for early hearing of contempt case - Business Standard , Reported at around 9 hours ago.", 
            "Pakistan plane crash: Flight PK-661's left engine malfunctioned, says initial report - The Indian Express , Reported at around 9 hours ago."
        ], 
        "hindu": [
            "The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), Southern Region, in association with The Hindu BusinessLine will hold the seventh edition of the Emerging Entrepreneur Awards 2016 on March 24, 2017, at Hy... , Reported at around 8 hours ago.", 
            "The Supreme Court today upheld the maintainability of appeals filed by Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Kerala against the 2007 award of the Cauvery Water Dispute Tribunal (CWDT) on sharing the river water. , Reported at around 7 hours ago.", 
            "The Income-Tax Department has seized at least Rs 106 crore in cash, including Rs 10 crore in new currency, and gold bars weighing 127 kg in searches at multiple locations in the city to check tax eva... , Reported at around 6 hours ago."
        ]
    }
}