{
    "india": {
        "bbc": [
            "Pfttt!! Nothing new since the last 7 hours."
        ], 
        "googlenews": [
            "Manipur election results 2017: Hung verdict in Manipur;Congress bags 28 seats, BJP gets 21 - Economic Times , Reported at around 16 hours ago.", 
            "12 CRPF personnel killed in Naxal attack in Chhattisgarh - Times of India , Reported at around 15 hours ago.", 
            "TN CM greets PM Modi on BJPs poll win - India Today , Reported at around 15 hours ago.", 
            "How BJP beat Maya, Mulayam at their caste card game - Times of India , Reported at around 15 hours ago.", 
            "Kailash Satyarthi's Nobel citation recovered from jungles: Police - Times of India , Reported at around 16 hours ago."
        ], 
        "hindu": [
            "Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today termed the BJP\u2019s big win in state polls as people\u2019s endorsement of demonetisation and asserted that it was seen as pro-poor, reformist and the sole defender of the... , Reported at around 16 hours ago.", 
            "Dairy major Amul has hiked the price of milk sold in the Delhi-NCR region by Rs 2 per litre, close on the heels of Mother Dairy effecting an increase.\nWith the price revision, 1 litre of toned milk... , Reported at around 16 hours ago.", 
            "Pollsters failed to predict a triple century for the BJP at the hustings in UP even as they did forecast an edge for the saffron party in the politically crucial state.\nMost psephologists in these ... , Reported at around 16 hours ago.", 
            "Even though the ruling BJP failed to secure a majority in Goa, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar today said the party is in the \u201cbest position\u201d to form the government and it could do so by roping in ... , Reported at around 16 hours ago.", 
            "Former Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said PM Narendra Modi has emerged as the \u201cmost dominant political figure\u201d after the Assembly polls, while seeking to differ that the election results are a... , Reported at around 16 hours ago.", 
            "Congress takes Punjab, hung house in Goa, Manipur , Reported at around 15 hours ago.", 
            "The railways will run special trains for Varanasi, Lucknow, Barauni from the national capital to clear rush of passengers during the Holi festival.\nThe New Delhi-Varanasi unreserved Holi special t... , Reported at around 16 hours ago.", 
            "Driven by the Modi wave, the BJP today stormed to power in Uttar Pradesh after 14 years, securing three-fourths majority and demolishing rivals SP- Congress and BSP in a keenly-contested Assembly pol... , Reported at around 16 hours ago.", 
            "Prime Minister Narendra Modi has once again proved that he is the most popular mass leader in India as trends and results pouring in for the five assembly elections on Saturday indicated that he has ... , Reported at around 16 hours ago.", 
            "Congress bags 28 seats, BJP 21 , Reported at around 15 hours ago."
        ]
    }
}